HTTPSCollector: add section about the plain endpoints (#334)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/ingestion_methods/https.md

# Forward Logs to SEKOIA.IO via HTTPS

> To push your events to SEKOIA.IO, you can use our HTTPS log collector. It's the simpler way to send use your logs, especially for non-syslog system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To push your events to SEKOIA.IO, you can use our HTTPS log collector. It's the simplest way to send us your logs, especially for non-syslog system.
```

Author: Applied

For the forwarding, two options are available:

> - The safer one is to send our events as a structured json payload. By using json, you ensure to avoid serialization issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The safer one is to send your events as a structured json payload. By using json, you ensure to avoid serialization issues.
```

Author: Applied

> - The safer one is to send our events as a structured json payload. By using json, you ensure to avoid serialization issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The safer one is to send our events as a structured JSON payload. By using JSON, you ensure to avoid serialization issues.
```

Author: Applied

> - The alternative one is to send our events as line-oriented records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The alternative is to send your events as line-oriented records.
```

Author: Applied

> ## Push our events to SEKOIA.IO as json payload

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Push our events to SEKOIA.IO as JSON payload
```

Author: Applied

| `json`        | Yes        | String   | The actual log payload. If you want to push structured JSON logs, please send them as quoted JSON here |
| `@timestamp`  | No         | Datetime | Event date if you want to push your own date (fallback is to use the reception’s date)                 |

> When pushing your event, the collector returns the event's identifier in the SEKOIA.IO detection workflow, as a json payload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When pushing your event, the collector returns the event's identifier in the SEKOIA.IO detection workflow, as a JSON payload.
```

Author: Applied

To push text events, one can just `POST` content to `https://intake.sekoia.io`:

```python
import requests

content = {"intake_key": "YOUR_INTAKE_KEY", "json": "[764008:0] info: 198.51.100.10 example.org. A IN"}
response = requests.post("https://intake.sekoia.io", json=content)

> print(response.text) // {"event_id": "uuid"}

Reviewer 2: You can use code annotations here: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/code-blocks/#adding-annotations

<pre>

```python
import requests
content = {"intake_key": "YOUR_INTAKE_KEY", "json": "[764008:0] info: 198.51.100.10 example.org. A IN"}
response = requests.post("https://intake.sekoia.io", json=content)
print(response.text) # (1)
```

1. Will print `{"event_id": "uuid"}`
```

Author: Changed

import requests

content = {"intake_key": "YOUR_INTAKE_KEY", "jsons": ["[764008:0] info: 198.51.100.10 example.org. A IN", "[764023:0] info: 2.34.100.56 text.org. A IN"]}
response = requests.post("https://intake.sekoia.io/batch", json=content)
print(response.text) // {"event_ids": ["uuid1", "uuid2"]}
```

## Push our events to SEKOIA.IO as line-oriented records

> If you are not able to send your events as a structured json payload, you can use the `plain` endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are not able to send your events as a structured JSON payload, you can use the `plain` endpoint.
```

Author: Applied

The following headers are handled by SEKOIA.IO’S HTTPS log collector:

| Header                       | Mandatory? | Type     | Description                                                                            |
|------------------------------|------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `X-SEKOIAIO-INTAKE-KEY`      | Yes        | String   | Intake to which you would like to push events to                                       |
| `X-SEKOIAIO-EVENT-TIMESTAMP` | No         | Datetime | Event date if you want to push your own date (fallback is to use the reception’s date) |

> To push one event, jsut POST content to `https://intake.sekoia.io/plain`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To push one event, just POST content to `https://intake.sekoia.io/plain`
```

Author: Applied

```python
import requests

headers = {"X-SEKOIAIO-INTAKE-KEY": "YOUR_INTAKE_KEY"}
content = "[764008:0] info: 198.51.100.10 example.org. A IN"
response = requests.post("https://intake.sekoia.io/plain", data=content, headers=headers)
print(response.text) // {"event_id": "uuid"}
```

> For numerous events, you can use the alternative endpoint `/batch`. The events should be separated by the line feed character (U+000A or '\n'):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For numerous events, you can use the alternative endpoint `/batch`. The events should be separated by the line feed character (`U+000A` or `\n`):
```

Author: Applied
